module: add support for `node:`‑prefixed `require(…)` calls (#37246)
nodejs/node: doc/api/modules.md

`lib/` folder.

Core modules are always preferentially loaded if their identifier is

> passed to `require()`. For instance, `require('node:http')` will always
> return the built in HTTP module, even if there is a file or `require.cache`
> entry by that name.

Reviewer: Correct me if I'm wrong, but there's no possibility to have a `node:fs` module today, the part where it says `even if there's a file by that name` doesn't apply. Also, the information regarding non-prefixed `require` calls still holds, and shouldn't be removed.

```suggestion
passed to `require()`. For instance, `require('http')` will always
return the built in HTTP module, even if there is a file by that name.

Core modules can also be identify using `node:` prefix, in which case it bypasses the `require` cache. For instance, `require('node:http')` will always return the built in HTTP module, even if there is `require.cache` entry by that name.
```

Author: > EDIT: I was wrong, you could have a `node:fs` package today, and this would technically be a breaking change for a theoretical user that use that for one of their packages.

Note that that doesn’t apply to the **NTFS** file system, and thus **Windows**, since U+003A (`:`) is a reserved character on **NTFS** used to address alternate data streams.

> 
> ```js
> const fs = require('node:fs/promises');
> ```

Reviewer: I'm not sure this makes sense to have that example, but not blocking.
```suggestion
```

passed to `require()`. For instance, `require('http')` will always
return the built in HTTP module, even if there is a file by that name.

Core modules can also be identified using the `node:` prefix, in which case
it bypasses the `require` cache. For instance, `require('node:http')` will
always return the built in HTTP module, even if there is `require.cache` entry

> by that name.

Reviewer 2: This is a bit of an odd example as the non-prefixed `require('http')` would be treated as a built in and bypass the require cache.

Reviewer 3: currently builtin modules go through the cache if a matching entry exists, I don't understand the comment

Reviewer 2: If there is a cache it should always point to the built in HTTP module, shouldn't it? AFAIK it's not possible for Node.js to return anything other than the built in module for built in modules.

Author: Actually, `require("http")` currently checks `require.cache["http"]` before calling `loadNativeModule("http")`.
